What is a computer? understand the basic functioning of a computer:

To understand how a computer works, it is necessary to know the basic components required for a computer to function.

keyboard:

CPU: control process unit

In a basic way, a computer receives input data, such as from a keyboard, mouse or its network card, this data is electrical signals that are processed and represented as bytes, 0s and 1s, so they travel through each circuit of the computer. motherboard until it reaches the processor, operations occur on the processor with the bytes received from the input, such as: when you type on the keyboard, you send the bytes to the processor, and the processor (CPU) processes the bytes sent from the keyboard according to instructions of a program such as: text editor.

The CPU decode the instructions for machine code, then do the operations 

Basically, the CPU works as an intermediary that executes instructions from a program to process the bytes and this program converts the byte into a character and this result is directed to.

i am correct in talk: 

"In theory, for work of a computer is needed:

CPU: Control Process Unit, responsible for execute intructions, process data and do operations with they, and then direct the result for output instructed by program or the standard output, generally the monitor for show the result.
The CPU do operations arithimetics simples, complex and bitwise comparations through of the several components of especify materials presents in the processor, like this possible handle the bits and do operations  with they.

OS: Operational system, is responsible for be the intermediary between User and the hardware, is through him that you can interact with the hardware, control the computer and giving instructions for your components, execute programs, handling or storage files in a unit of store especify, acess the internet, between others operations, but for this, is necessary that you can send data for the os and cpu.

hardware of data input: through of the devices as: keyboard, mouse between others devices that receive data and sent for CPU, through they you can sent data and instructions for OS(System operational)
and through of the OS execute instructions and programs through CPU and then manipulate computer and your hardware or vice-versa.

OS: Operational system, is responsible for be the intermediary through User and the hardware, is through him that you can interact with the hardware and control the computer, execute programs, handling files between others operations.

